# guess_king
This is a fun app or game, mainly developed for the fun in passive guessing, active analysis and the beauty of randomness which occurs in nature. Also, this will help gather data on random guessing of numbers given time and other factors. There is this little understanding/ knowledge which is by intuition that individuals guessing of numbers at a certain time of the day in the presence of some factors could be predicted given data of previous guessing. That is, individual have favorite numbers even if they are just guessing at a point in time. Guess king is a proposed interactive application or game that will engage uses in guessing and predicting numbers. It will have single player and multiplayer mode. Single player mode will feature the application generating a random number, and three other random numbers to form a set of number and ask the user / player to predict the first number generated with 3 options. Should the user/ player get the first guess write, he / she scores 5 point flowed by 3, and 1 point. Should the player get the correct number on second or third attempt respectively else the player scores zero. The application, then takes the position as the user/ player and it is scored just as the above. This mode is the MATCH mode. There is also CLASSIC and ARCADE MODE. In CLASSIC MODE, the user assumes the position of the DETERMINAT whiles the application assumes the position the DETERMINED throughout the play. Similarly, in ARCADE MODE, the user takes the position of the DETERMINED and the application takes the position of the determined though out the game and scores are given accordingly. The multiplayer mode is like MATCH mode in single player mode, in this case two or more players are involved. The application also features the PREDICTOR who is an intelligent agent that will add users in prediction. The predator will be able to learn patterns in users’ predictions and aid the user by suggesting highly probable number. The application guess king asserts that it is the greatest and king when it comes to predicting and generating numbers that are hard for any other to determine. So, should are your prove otherwise, by winning, the user/ player is declared the new guess king. Enjoy!
